feat: Automate replica names expansion in DependsOn (#496)
F1bonacc1/process-compose: www/docs/launcher.md

    replicas: 2
```

> When replicas are present (`processes.process_name.replicas > 1`), other processes can depended on the group (`process-name`) or some of its children (`process-name-N` where `N` is a value between 0 and the number of `replicas` minus one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When replicas are present (`processes.process_name.replicas > 1`), other processes can depend on the group (`process-name`) or specific replicas (`process-name-N` where `N` is a value between 0 and the number of `replicas` minus one).
```

```yaml
processes:
  consumer:
    command: "/some/binary"
    replicas: 2

  # Older versions (<= v1.110.0) require the dependencies to be manually expanded
  producer:
    command: "/some/other/binary"
    depends_on:
      consumer-0: process_healthy

>       consumer-1: process_healthy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    depends_on:
      consumer-0:
        condition: process_healthy
      consumer-1:
        condition: process_healthy
```

```

```yaml
processes:
  consumer:
    command: "/some/binary"
    replicas: 2

  # Newer versions (> v1.110.0) allow the group name to be used directly
  producer:
    command: "/some/other/binary"
    depends_on:

>       consumer: process_healthy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    depends_on:
      consumer:
        condition: process_healthy
```

```

```yaml
processes:
  consumer:
    command: "/some/binary"
    replicas: 2

  # Also we can set conditions for each instance in the group independently
  producer:
    command: "/some/other/binary"
    depends_on:
      # set the defaults for the group

>       consumer: process_healthy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    depends_on:
      # set the defaults for the group
      consumer:
        condition: process_healthy
```

      # override a single instance

>       consumer-0: process_started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      consumer-0:
        condition: process_started
```
